docs/frontend-system: polish plugin migration docs (#29514)
backstage/backstage: docs/frontend-system/building-plugins/05-migrating.md

Pages that were previously created using the `createRoutableExtension` extension function can be migrated to the new Frontend System using the `PageBlueprint` [extension blueprint](../architecture/23-extension-blueprints.md), exported by `@backstage/frontend-plugin-api`.

> In the new system plugins are responsible more information than they used to. For example, the plugin is now responsible for providing the path for the page, rather than it being part of the app code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the new system plugins provide more information than they used to. For example, the plugin is now responsible for providing the path for the page, rather than it being part of the app code.
```

const fooPage = PageBlueprint.make({
  params: {
    // This is the path that was previously defined in the app code.
    // It's labelled as the default one because it can be changed via configuration.
    defaultPath: '/foo',

>     // You can reuse the existing routeRef by wrapping into the convertLegacyRouteRef.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // You can reuse the existing routeRef by wrapping it with convertLegacyRouteRef.
```
